Gold Team Minutes
Date 4/27/2018 4:00pm

Attendance:
All members present

Meeting Discussion:
Went over Beta testing feedback and created issuses for bugs and the feature request we are choosing to implement.
Some of the bugs reported such as the spike pit one have already been fixed in the latest beta release.

Tasks Done prior to Meeting:
Matt: Fixed GUI Bug
Josh: Fixed Boss, speed text and spike pit bugs. The last two were not reported
Josh and Matt: Merged branches and created new release on tuesday.
Ryan:

Tasks TODO before next meeting:
We will be meeting on Wednesday 5/2 to finialize the official release.
Everyone will fix the bugs they are assigned.
Josh will implement the feature request. 
Ryan will work on the player model.